[DOCS] Kibana 9.4.5 release notes (#283551)
elastic/kibana: docs/release-notes/index.md

* Fix auto-created conversations overwriting an existing conversation that shares the same ID [#280189]({{kib-pull}}280189).

**Alerting and cases**:
* Fix attaching AIOps charts (change point, pattern analysis, log rate analysis) to a case failing with an "Attachment type is not registered" error [#281157]({{kib-pull}}281157).
* Fix CSV exports covering a different time window than what was shown in Discover for relative time ranges. For scheduled reports, the corrected behavior applies only to reports created or re-saved after upgrading; existing schedules keep their previous time-window behavior until they are recreated [#278305]({{kib-pull}}278305).
* Fix the alerts-as-data setup overriding an index's total fields limit that was already set to a higher value [#277402]({{kib-pull}}277402).

**Dashboards and Visualizations**:
* Fix duplicated Lens panels backed by a form-based ad hoc data view failing to load after you rename the data view or add a runtime field, caused by colliding ad hoc data view IDs [#281786]({{kib-pull}}281786).
* Fix ad hoc data view resolution for **Lens** XY annotation layers created through the Visualizations API [#281079]({{kib-pull}}281079).

> * Fix the Lens as-code API dropping the custom display name of inline (ad hoc) data views on round trip [#280546]({{kib-pull}}280546).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the Visualizations API dropping the custom display name of inline (ad hoc) data views on round trip [#280546]({{kib-pull}}280546).
```
